welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a thriller
crime mystery film from 2016 and title
run
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
diane sherman gives birth to a premature
daughter who's seen motionless in the
incubator
surrounded by doctors who are trying to
save her life in another room
diane lays in bed in prayer after the
doctors managed to stabilize the baby
diane enters the room to see her child
and asks if she will be okay
in what appears to be a mother support
group a woman is seen softly crying
asking who is going to help her child
brush his teeth after she finishes
the group wants to hear what diane has
to share but she is obviously
uninterested
as she is on her phone during the
meeting diane reluctantly mentions that
her daughter
chloe is going to college in a few
months she tells the group she's been
taking care of her daughter for 17 years
and had her entire life revolving around
her daughter's health and safety
she reveals she was so committed to
taking care of her daughter she never
had time to travel and date
the group leader calls chloe brave for
not being pushed back for her
disabilities
chloe wakes up at exactly 6 45 am and
gets in her wheelchair
after throwing up in the toilet she goes
to apply cream to some of the rashes on
her skin
next she takes her medication for today
and proceeds to go downstairs using her
lift
downstairs diane is making an omelet she
pricks chloe's finger to check her
insulin levels and finds that her levels
are a little higher than they should be
before diane can inject chloe with an
insulin shot chloe takes the needle and
does it herself
afterward diane helps chloe with her
psychical therapy and schoolwork
in the afternoon chloe takes more pills
when the mailman comes
chloe instantly heads for the door
before she does so
diane has already collected the letters
after noticing chloe is short of breath
diane instructs her to use her inhaler
to which chloe responds that she's fine
diane promises chloe that if any college
letter comes she'll immediately show it
to her and tells her to focus on her
studies for now
diane tends to her garden harvesting
some tomatoes which she later uses
whilst cooking dinner
after checking chloe's insulin again
diane finds that they're low
thus she gives chloe a piece of
chocolate later chloe is seen watching
videos about the university of
washington
clearly excited to go there when her mom
asks her a question she barely answers
due to being too endorsed in the video
she's watching
later chloe is seen in her room working
on a 3d printing machine
to her frustration some functionality of
its doesn't work
when diane asks what's wrong chloe
answers that if she had an
iphone she could tell her to which diane
chuckles
diane gives chloe the rest of her
medicine and heads down to the basement
she takes a glass of wine and turns on
old home movies of chloe as a child
the next morning chloe sees her mom in
the front of the house unpacking
groceries from the car
she stares out of the window wanting to
go outside
when diane gets a call and leaves to
find better reception
chloe checks out the groceries her
mother brought and steals a few
chocolates
while checking the groceries she finds a
bottle of pills prescribed for her
mother
she hears her mother and immediately
puts the pills back in the grocery bag
diane states that her old med company
went out of business and she had to
switch prescriptions
chloe reluctantly asked her if the pills
are hers since she saw her name on the
pill bottle
to which diane scoffs and tells chloe
it's only a label
the next morning chloe skips taking her
pills she crafts a mechanic claw of some
sorts which she uses to reach the pill
bottle on the top shelf
a car can be heard approaching turns out
it's the mailman again
and chloe hurries to get the mail only
to find diane got to the door first
when alone chloe investigates pills by
the name of trioxane
when examining the bottle chloe finds
her name is on the label
she decides to peel it off only to find
her mother's name underneath
she realizes she's been given
unnecessary medicine
later when her mother gives chloe her
pills for the night she secretly spits
them out
when she is sure her mother is sound
asleep chloe goes on the computer to
continue her research on trioxane
unfortunately she has no internet
connection in the distance
diane can be seen watching chloe from
her bed which chloe doesn't notice
in the morning diane is seen arguing
with an internet provider
it appears their internet connection is
down until further notice
diana asks chloe about her internet use
chloe lies and says she's been googling
how to fix her 3d printer
every time her mother is distracted
chloe seeks the opportunity to learn
more about the pills
she tries to call a pharmacy but they
quickly hang up on her
mistaking her voice for her mother's
after multiple unsuccessful attempts to
connect to a pharmacy
chloe calls a random number and a man
picks up she pleads for him to help her
by researching trioxane pills
after some persuasion the man agrees and
chloe soon
finds out that trioxane is a drug used
for heart disease and can cause heart
failure
after finding out the colors of the
pills don't match with trioxane being
red and the pills she's been taking
being green
chloe is puzzled and doesn't know what
to do next
the next day chloe and her mother go to
a theater to watch a movie
chloe excuses herself to go to the
bathroom instead
chloe goes outside and crosses the
street to the pharmacy
she cuts through the waiting line and
shows the pill to the pharmacist
asking what kind is it the pharmacist
refuses to answer it first but when
chloe lies that she and her mom are on a
scavenger hunt
and the next clue is the pill's name the
pharmacist informs her the pill is a
muscle relaxant for the legs and that
it's made for dogs
chloe has a panic attack diane
frantically enters the pharmacy and
injects chloe with an insulin shot
she takes chloe home and takes a shower
it is revealed she has deep scars on her
back that appear to be either from
slashing or whipping
later diane has a phone call with a
pharmacy trying to convince the
pharmacist she would never give her
daughter pills for animals
diane google's household neurotoxins
chloe awakes in her room and finds her
door locked
her mother appears to not be at home and
she takes the opportunity
to try to escape she manages to pick the
lock but there is a rake that's jamming
the door shut
chloe decides to tie a bunch of
electrical cords together
fills her mouth with water and climbs
out of the window she manages to arrive
in front of the next window
and plugs her soldering iron and presses
it on the window
she spits water on the window fastening
the shattering process
she climbs through the window chloe
suddenly can't breathe and has to hurry
back to her room for her inhaler
after she does so she hurries to her
lift but finds out the power is off
she throws herself down the stairs and
suffers some injuries
while wounded she finds out she can move
her toe chloe gets into her wheelchair
and tries to escape but
accidentally rolls in front of a truck
the truck thankfully stops and a man
worryingly approaches chloe
at the same time diane arrives diane and
the man have an argument because the man
is suspicious of diane
the man questions chloe if she wants to
go to the police or the hospital
to which chloe responds she wants to go
to the police
unfortunately before they can go diane
subdues the man by injecting him with an
insulin shot
chloe starts hyperventilating and passes
out chloe wakes up in the basement where
she finds her college letters in the
thrash
chloe also finds her baby photos where
she is seen walking despite her mother
telling her she was in a wheelchair all
her life
chloe also finds a death certificate for
a baby named chloe which states she's
been alive for only a little over two
hours
the newspaper clipping which mentions a
case where a baby was stolen from a
hospital indicates diane stole chloe as
a baby to replace her dead child
a flashback is shown in which diane
holds her dead child and screams
later she stares at the newborn children
in the newborn ring
waiting for the nurse to leave chloe
breaks down upon her realization
at that moment diane enters the room and
the two have a heated argument
chloe asks diane if she was ever truly
sick to which diane breaks down crying
trying to persuade chloe that everything
she's done was for her own good
diane begs chloe for both of them to go
back to their lives as before
which chloe refuses in a fit of
desperation
diane pours paint thinner into a pot and
sticks the syringe in it
seeing that diane is about to poison her
chloe hurries to the closet and locks
herself
in diane pleads for chloe to open the
door but chloe doesn't respond
when diane breaks down the door she sees
chloe holding a bottle of pills that if
injected in large quantities cause death
chloe yells out that diane needs her and
chugs down a handful of pills
diane screams and tries to make chloe
vomit the pills but is unsuccessful
she is forced to take chloe to the
hospital which she does and chloe is
saved
outside the hospital room diane urges
the doctor to let her daughter continue
her treatment at home
to which they refuse inside her hospital
room
chloe tries to get the attention of the
doctor who's taking care of her
her hands appear to be paralyzed she
tries to write something on a sheet of
paper
but an emergency alert makes the doctors
leave before they can see what chloe
wrote
diane uses this opportunity to abduct
chloe
when in the elevator she promises that
she'll never hurt chloe again
the doctors find out that chloe's been
abducted meanwhile
diane tries to get chloe down the
escalator stares herself because they're
not functioning
she's unsuccessful because chloe is
using her legs to stop her
they have an argument and diane pulls
out her gun before she can use it
she is shot by a police officer and
falls down the escalator stairs
seven years later chloe is shown driving
a car on her way to visit her mother
it appears chloe's legs are better and
are semi-functional but she is still in
a wheelchair
she meets up with a clearly sick diane
chloe spits up three trioxane pills and
diane's heartbeat quickens
chloe says it's time to go home
indicating that she'll take care of
diane the same way she took care of her
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching